I told you
I've told you twice
I told you three times.
What?
What am I talking about?
Well, it's the Gospel of Mark in chapter 16. You see,
Mark chapter 16, well at the end of chapter 15 and all of chapter 16 has to do with the resurrection of the Lord.
Of Jesus Christ.
It's through the resurrection that Jesus defeated the final foe.
Which is death.
But he told the disciples
This is what's going to happen.
He told them various times.
But like us,
They questioned and they doubted.
In John chapter 14 and verse 29, Jesus says to the disciples, "I'm going to tell you these things ahead of time."
So that when they happen,
You will believe it.
He tells them in John 16:4,
I'm going to tell you these things before they happen
So that when they do happen, you will believe.
What's he talking about?
Resurrection
It's almost like a mom or a dad that looks at their kids and says, "How many times do I have to tell you?"
How many times do i have to repeat the same thing
The book of Matthew records three different times that Jesus says to the disciples,
It's Matthew 16:21.
I'm going to be handed over to the Gentiles.
They're going to persecute me. They're going to flog me. They're going to crucify me. But on the third day, I'm going to rise again.
He says the same exact thing.
In Matthew 17:22,
And then in Matthew 20:17,
Says the same thing
How often, how many times does he have to say the same thing?
To me
How many times does he have to repeat the same thing to you?
He's with you.
He's never going to leave you. He loves you.
He cares for you. He's compassionate for you.
But we forget or we allow our circumstances to pressure us in such a way that we doubt that.
Well, look with me in...
Mark chapter 16 beginning in verse 1 when the Sabbath was over.
Mary Magdalene, Mary the mother.
James and Salome brought spices so that they might go to anoint Jesus' body.
Very early the first day of the week just after sunrise they were on their way to the tomb and they asked each other
Who's going to roll away the stone
Away from the entrance of the tomb.
But when they looked up they saw
That the stone, which was very large, had been rolled away.
As they entered the tomb, they saw a young man dressed in a white robe sitting on the right side and they were alarmed. Don't be alarmed.
He said,
you're looking for Jesus
The Nazarene.
Who was crucified
He has risen.
He's not here.
He told you.
He told you over and over again.
It's going to happen.
Check this out
Whatever Jesus says,
Is always trustworthy
And true.
Comma?
Always.
It's always trustworthy.
It's always true. Whatever we find written in the scriptures,
in which the Lord communicates to us, you can take it to the bank.
No matter what it feels like, no matter what we think, no matter what we see, no matter what other people say to us, even if we say,
Resurrection, it's never happened before. I don't see how it could happen.
But Jesus said,
Please don't forget.
When Jesus speaks.
His words are always trustworthy
And it's always true.
I want you to see in verse 7 something very important.
The angel is talking to the believers, those that have gone to the tomb, and he says,
Go and tell the disciples
And Peter.
Go and tell the disciples and Peter
That he's going ahead of you into Galilee.
Why would the angel be specific in naming Peter? Why? Because our brother had failed. He had blown it.
It failed the Lord, remember?
He fell short. He denied Jesus.
Three times.
Peter is the one that said, "Jesus, even if I have to die,
I will never deny you.
And when the time came,
Our brother failed
He failed.
And it's the gospel of Luke where it says that when Jesus was taken into the praetorium,
And he had been arrested that the eyes of Jesus and the eyes of Peter met
And Peter was broken after he had denied the Lord.
And he wept.
bitterly.
You ever failed the Lord?
I know that I have.
Can I remind you that there are several people in the scriptures that failed God?
The Samaritan woman from John chapter 4
She had relational issues.
Abraham
He lied.
The father of faith.
You had a problem with with lying noah
Noah.
Got drunk.
David, what can we say about King David and Bathsheba?
Committed adultery.
Jonah, what can we say about Jonah?
Jonah fled from God.
Elijah.
Elijah had emotional problems.
Jacob, Jacob!
You wouldn't want to.
He would not want to enter into a business dealing with Jacob.
The disciples
When they should have been awake.
During the times of Jesus most difficult time
They fell asleep.
But here's something that I wrote. Our failure.
He does not stop Jesus from reaching heaven.
Out.
To us.
Would you please remember that, my dear Christian family?
We're gonna make a mistake we're gonna fall short
All of us have sinned and we all fall short of the glory of God.
But that does not stop our Savior from reaching out to us.
I want you to look at verse 15 with me.
Mark 16:
It says in verse 15, "The Jesus said to them,
Go into all the world
And preach the gospel
To all creation.
I want you to notice that first of all
The instruction to go into all the world
For us as Christians,
It's not a suggestion.
It's a command.
Now, I know that it sounds pretty lofty going to all the world. I mean, come on, I'm only one person. How am I going to go? How is it possible for me to go into all
To all the world, can I make a suggestion for you?
What if we look at it this way?
I may not be able to go into all the world
But I can't go into my world
The people with whom I live.
The people with whom I work.
The people with whom
I spend recreational time with.
The people...
that I live next door to. That's my world.
Go into your world
It's not a suggestion.
If you've been touched by the love of Jesus Christ, we ought to be excited about sharing that.
With somebody.
But the opportunity to go across the sea
To go into all the world exists for all of us.
We have the opportunity.
The question is, is it a priority?
To go across the sea
You just need to see
the cross.
Let me repeat that.
To go across the scene
You just need to see it.
The cross.
Take note of what Jesus has done for you.
And you will find that passion, that love and motivation.
To go into all the world.
The resurrection of Jesus offers eternal implications for you.
For me.
Let me leave you with that verse with this verse
The book of Romans chapter 8 verse 11 the Apostle Paul says
If the spirit of him
who raised Jesus from the dead.
Living you.
Then the one...
that raised Jesus from the dead?
will give life
To your mortal body
Through his spirit.
You know what Paul is saying?
Eternal life.
Because of the resurrection of Jesus Christ my brother and sister
We have the hope of eternal life.
We're living in this world.
But this is not our final resting place
We're only passing through.
We have the hope of eternal life.
Paul says in the book of 2 Corinthians chapter 5 that when this tent is destroyed,
We have a house.
That's not built by human hands.
but it's built by the Spirit of God that's waiting for us.
Let me pray for us.
Our Father, as we talk about the resurrection of our Savior,
Lord, what a glorious miracle!
Lord, I pray that it would not just be a religious tradition that Easter
The bunny and the colored eggs, but God, that it would be something that is so real to us.
That Jesus, your son,
Was crucified, was buried,
And he defeated death.
And now it offers salvation freely
To all who would receive.
And we pray.
In Jesus name
Amen.